License for JGo
===============

...

Customer MUST:
a) Comply with and ensure that its Distributors comply with US and other government export control regulations.
b) Ensure that its End Users and Distributors agree not to decompile, reverse compile, decrypt or disassemble the REDISTRIBUTABLES.
c) Include the appropriate Government Restricted Rights legend specified below on all copies of its products incorporating Northwoods technology in accordance with applicable FAR and DFAR regulations.
d) Have all its employees and contractors who have access to the Software sign (or confirm they have signed) an employee, contractor or other agreement that obligates them to protect the Software as confidential.
e) Ensure that Distributors of its software products which include permitted parts of the Software distribute same to End Users subject to a written or shrink wrap license meeting the requirements defined in this Agreement.
f) Obtain a written license from its Distributors and End Users, which may be a shrink-wrap or download license, which incorporates these same requirements (a)-(f).

...

U.S. Government Restricted Rights
The Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (C)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (C)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.  Contractor / manufacturer is Northwoods Software Corporation, 142 Main St., Nashua, NH 03060.  

Termination For Cause
Northwoods may terminate this Agreement for cause if Customer has not remedied the following defaults within thirty (30) days of its receipt of a written Notice to Cure from Northwoods, which Notice must specify the nature of the default in question.  The defaults are:
(a) Customer fails to meet any of its material obligations under this Agreement, including payment of any fees or royalties; or
(b) Customer becomes insolvent or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a receiver or similar officer is appointed to take charge of all or part of Customer's assets and such matter is not resolved within 120 days thereof.

If Northwoods terminates this Agreement for cause Customer shall deliver the Software and all copies thereof to Northwoods within thirty (30) days of the effective termination date; provided however, that (I) Customer shall have the right to distribute any products incorporating the Software in inventory as of the date of termination, (II) Customer's license shall survive to the extent necessary to support existing end users and (III) that all then existing end user licenses shall survive.

General Terms
Each party to this Agreement shall be and remain an independent contractor, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute the parties as partners; and neither party shall have any authority to act, or attempt to act, or represent itself, directly or by implication, as an agent of the other or in any manner assume or create, or attempt to assume or create, any obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other, nor shall either be deemed the agent or employee of the other.

All rights and remedies, whether conferred by this Agreement or by any other instrument or by law shall be cumulative, and may be exercised singularly or concurrently.  If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by any law, rule, order or regulation of any government or by the final determination of any court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions not held invalid.

In the event a court of competent jurisdiction finds any of the provisions of this Agreement to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired but shall remain in full force and effect, unless such provision may be reduced in scope by the court to the extent it deems necessary to render the provision reasonable and enforceable, and the parties shall negotiate in good faith to achieve a new legally enforceable provision(s) which most closely approximates the original intent of the provision(s) declared unenforceable or illegal.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties on the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any previous understandings, commitments or agreements, oral or written, pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.  It may not be modified except by a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties.  If either party fails to enforce any term, failure to enforce on that occasion shall not prevent enforcement on any other occasion.

This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of New Hampshire, excluding its conflict of laws provisions.

Northwoods Software Corporation
142 Main St. Nashua, NH 03060 USA
Internet: http://www.nwoods.com
E-mail: JGo@nwoods.com
Copyright (c) 1999-2002 Northwoods Software Corporation. All rights reserved.
April 2002
